(next-urql) Expose initUrqlClient function for manual usage in Next’s getServerSideProps methods (#993)
FormidableLabs/urql: packages/next-urql/README.md

The great part about writing thin bindings like this is that they are zero cost – in fact, the above bindings get totally compiled away by BuckleScript, so you get the full benefits of type safety with absolutely zero runtime cost!

### Restricting Data Fetching to the Server

> If you want to use a `Client` in Next.js' newer methods like `getServerSideProps` you may use the `initUrqlClient` method to create a client on the fly. THis will need to be done per request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use a `Client` in Next.js' newer methods like `getServerSideProps` you may use the `initUrqlClient` function to create a client on the fly. This will need to be done per request.
```

```
import { initUrqlClient, NextUrqlPageContext } from 'next-urql';

export const getServerSideProps = async (ctx) => {
  const client = initUrqlClient({
    url: /graphql',
  }, false /* set to false to disable suspense */);

>   const result= await client.query(QUERY, {}).toPromise();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  const result = await client.query(QUERY, {}).toPromise();
```

  return {
    props: { data: result.data }
  };
};
```

> The first option for `initUrqlClient` function are the same that we'd pass to `createClient`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first argument passed to the `initUrqlClient` function is the same object that we'd normally pass to `createClient`.
```

> The second option is there to either enable or disable `suspense`, which we'd typically disable for manual usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second argument is a `boolean` flag indicating whether or not to enable `suspense`; typically, we'd disable it for manual usage.
```

The great part about writing thin bindings like this is that they are zero cost – in fact, the above bindings get totally compiled away by BuckleScript, so you get the full benefits of type safety with absolutely zero runtime cost!

> ### Usage with SSR mode

Reviewer: "SSR mode" implies that Next has some sort of special "mode" (like Preview mode) for server-side rendering. I think this could better be described as:

```suggestion
### Restricting Data Fetching to the Server
```

From what I can understand, the goal of this change is to allow folks to be able to restrict data fetching with `urql` to the server rather than opting into combined client / server fetching.

Author: Yes, you understood it correctly.

> If you want to use the Urql client in server-side-rendered mode of NextJS you have to load data in `getServerSideProps` lifecycle method. This will load your data while rendering a page on server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to use a `Client` in Next.js' newer methods like `getServerSideProps` you may use the `initUrqlClient` method to create a client on the fly. THis will need to be done per request.
```

```

> // pages/index.tsx
> 
> import { initUrqlClient, NextUrqlPageContext } from 'next-urql';
> 
> export const getServerSideProps = async (ctx: NextUrqlPageContext): Promise<GetServerSidePropsResult<InitialProps>> => {
>   const graphQLClient = initUrqlClient({
>     url: 'https://graphql-pokemon.now.sh',
>     fetchOptions: {
>       headers: {
>         Authorization: `Bearer ${ctx?.req?.headers?.authorization ?? ''}`,
>       },
>     }
>   }, true) as Client;
>   const response = await graphQLClient.query(queryPokémon as unknown as string, { first: 20 }).toPromise();
> 
> 
>   return {
>     props: {
>       title: 'Pokédex',
>       data: response?.data?.pokemons
>     },
>   };
> };

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
import { initUrqlClient, NextUrqlPageContext } from 'next-urql';

export const getServerSideProps = async (ctx) => {
  const client = initUrqlClient({
    url: /graphql',
  }, false /* set to false to disable suspense */);

  const result= await client.query(QUERY, {}).toPromise();

  return {
    props: { data: result.data }
  };
};
```

Edited for consistency and to clean up some smaller things with the copy (`fetchOptions` isn't relevant here and it was still referencing the Pokemon example

```

> The params passed into `initUrqlClient` function are the same you're passing into the `withUrqlClient` higher order component (it has the type of `ClientOptions`). See details here: [client options](https://github.com/FormidableLabs/urql/tree/main/packages/next-urql#clientoptions-required)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The first option for `initUrqlClient` function are the same that we'd pass to `createClient`.
The second option is there to either enable or disable `suspense`, which we'd typically disable for manual usage.
```

Just fixing this up too. I'd remove the link for now and would add cross-links in the docs later, so don't worry about this now
